# Palo Alto Networks Metrics Infrastructure Module for Azure

A Terraform module deploying Azure Application Insights (Log Analytics Workspace mode).

The main purpose of this module is to deploy Application Insights that can be used to monitor internal PanOS metrics.
It will work with both a standalone Next Generation Firewall and ones deployed inside a Virtual Machine Scale Set.
In both situations the instrumentation key for the Application Insights has to be provided in the firewall's configuration.
For more information please refer to [documentation](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-2/vm-series-deployment/set-up-the-vm-series-firewall-on-azure/enable-azure-application-insights-on-the-vm-series-firewall).

> [!Note]
> This module supports only the workspace mode - Azure support for classic Application Insights mode will end on Feb 29th 2024.

This module is designed to deploy (or source) a single Log Analytics Workspace and one or more Application Insights instances
connected to that workspace.

> [!Important]
> The metrics gathered within a single Azure Application Insights instance cannot be split back to obtain a result for a single
> firewall. Thus for example, if three firewalls use the same Instrumentation Key and report their respective session
> utilizations as 90%, 20%, 10%, it is possible to see in Azure the average of 40%, the sum of 120%, the max of 90%, but it is
> **not possible** to know which of the firewalls reported the 90% utilization.
> Therefore each firewall (or a Scale Set) should send the metrics to a dedicated Application Insights instance.

Since upgrade to provider 3.x, when destroying infrastructure a resource is being left behind:
`microsoft.alertsmanagement/smartdetectoralertrules`. This resource is not present in the state nor code, it's being created by
Azure automatically and therefore it prevents Resource Group deletion.
A workaround is to set the following provider configuration:

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {
    resource_group {
      prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
    }
  }
}
```

## Usage

The following snippet deploys Log Analytics Workspace and two Application Insights instances (using defaults where possible):

```hcl
module "ngfw_metrics" {
  source = "PaloAltoNetworks/vmseries-modules/azurerm//modules/ngfw_metrics"

  name                = "ngfw-law"
  resource_group_name = "ngfw-rg"
  location            = "West US"

  application_insights = {
    ai1 = { name = "fw1-ai" }
    ai2 = { name = "fw2-ai" }
  }
}
```
