---
show_in_hub: false
---
# Palo Alto Networks Next Generation deployment example

An example of a Terraform module that deploys a Next Generation Firewall appliance in Azure.

**NOTE:**

- after the deployment firewall remains not licensed and not configured
- this example contains some **files*- that **can contain sensitive data**, namely the `TFVARS` file can contain bootstrap_options
  properties in `var.vmseries` definition. Keep in mind that **this code*- is **only an example**. It's main purpose is to
  introduce the Terraform modules. It's not meant to be run on production in this form.

## Topology and resources

This is a non zonal deployment. The deployed infrastructure consists of:

- a VNET containing:
  - one subnet dedicated to the management interface of the deployed firewall
  - a Network Security Group to give access to firewalls's public interface
- a firewall appliance with a public IP assigned to the management interface

## Prerequisites

A list of requirements might vary depending on the platform used to deploy the infrastructure but a minimum one includes:

- (in case of non cloud shell deployment) credentials and (optionally) tools required to authenticate against Azure Cloud, see
  [AzureRM provider documentation for details](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs#authenticating-to-azure)
- [supported](#requirements) version of [`Terraform`](<https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads>)
- if you have not run Palo Alto NGFW images in a subscription it might be necessary to accept the license first
  ([see this note](../../modules/vmseries/README.md#accept-azure-marketplace-terms))

## Deploy the infrastructure

Steps to deploy the infrastructure are as following:

- checkout the code locally (if you haven't done so yet)
- copy the [`example.tfvars`](./example.tfvars) file, rename it to `terraform.tfvars` and adjust it to your needs
  (take a closer look at the `TODO` markers)
- (optional) authenticate to AzureRM, switch to the Subscription of your choice if necessary
- initialize the Terraform module:

  ```bash
  terraform init
  ```

- (optional) plan you infrastructure to see what will be actually deployed:

  ```bash
  terraform plan
  ```

- deploy the infrastructure (you will have to confirm it with typing in `yes`):

  ```bash
  terraform apply
  ```

  The deployment takes couple of minutes. Observe the output. At the end you should see a summary similar to this:

  ```console
  Apply complete! Resources: 10 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.

  Outputs:

  password = <sensitive>
  username = "panadmin"
  vmseries_mgmt_ips = {
    "fw-1" = "1.2.3.4"
  }
  ```

- at this stage you have to wait couple of minutes for the firewall to bootstrap.

## Post deploy

Firewall in this example is configured with password authentication. To retrieve the initial credentials run:

- for username:

  ```bash
  terraform output username
  ```

- for password:

  ```bash
  terraform output password
  ```

The management public IP addresses are available in the `vmseries_mgmt_ips`:

```bash
terraform output vmseries_mgmt_ips
```

You can now login to the device using either:

- cli - ssh client is required
- Web UI (https) - any modern web browser, note that initially the traffic is encrypted with a self-signed certificate.

You can now proceed with licensing and configuring the device.

## Cleanup

To remove the deployed infrastructure run:

```bash
terraform destroy
```
