# VM-Series Azure Gateway Load Balancer example

The exmaple allows to deploy VM-Series firewalls for inbound and outbound traffic inspection utilizing
Azure Gateway Load Balancer in service chain model as described in the following
[document](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-2/vm-series-deployment/set-up-the-vm-series-firewall-on-azure/deploy-the-vm-series-firewall-with-the-azure-gwlb).

## Usage

### Deployment Steps

* Checkout the code locally.
* Copy `example.tfvars` to `terraform.tfvars` and adjust it to your needs.
* Copy `files/init-cfg.txt.sample` to `files/init-cfg.txt` and fill it in with required bootstrap parameters (see this
[documentation](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-2/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/create-the-init-cfgtxt-file/init-cfgtxt-file-components)
for details).
* (optional) Authenticate to AzureRM, switch to the Subscription of your choice if necessary.
* Initialize the Terraform module:

```bash
terraform init
```

* (optional) Plan you infrastructure to see what will be actually deployed:

```bash
terraform plan
```

* Deploy the infrastructure:

```bash
terraform apply
```

* At this stage you have to wait a few minutes for the firewalls to bootstrap.

### Post deploy

Firewalls in this example are configured with password authentication. To retrieve the initial credentials run:

* for username:

```bash
terraform output username
```

* for password:

```bash
terraform output password
```

The management public IP addresses are available in the `vmseries_mgmt_ips` output:

```bash
terraform output vmseries_mgmt_ips
```

You can now login to the devices using either:

* CLI - ssh client is required
* Web UI (https) - any modern web browser, note that initially the traffic is encrypted with a self-signed certificate.

With default example configuration, the devices already contain `DAY0` configuration, so all network interfaces should be
configured and Azure Gateway Load Balancer should already report that the devices are healthy.

You can now proceed with licensing the devices and configuring your first rules.

Please also refer to [this repository](https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/iron-skillet) for
`DAY1` configuration (security hardening).

### Cleanup

To remove the deployed infrastructure run:

```bash
terraform destroy
```
