# Palo Alto Networks Application Insights Module for Azure

A Terraform module for deploying a Application Insights in Azure cloud.

Azure AI can be used to gather metric from Palo Alto's VMSeries firewall. This can be done for both a standalone firewall as for a Scale Set deployment.

In both situations the instrumentation key for the Application Insights has to be provided in the firewall's configuration. For more information please refer to [documentation](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-2/vm-series-deployment/set-up-the-vm-series-firewall-on-azure/enable-azure-application-insights-on-the-vm-series-firewall).

**NOTICE**

* This module deploys Application Insights in Workspace mode (together with a Log Analytics Workspace). Azure support for classic Application Insights mode will end on Feb 29th 2024 hence it is not supported in the module.

* The metrics gathered within a single Azure Application Insights instance provided by the module, cannot be split back to obtain a result for a single firewall. Thus for example if three firewalls use the same Instrumentation Key and report their respective session utilizations as 90%, 20%, 10%, it is possible to see in Azure the average of 40%, the sum of 120%, the max of 90%, but it is *not possible* to know which of the firewalls reported the 90% utilization.

* Since upgrade to provider 3.x, when destroying infrastructure a resource is being left behind: `microsoft.alertsmanagement/smartdetectoralertrules`. This resource is not present in the state nor code, it's being created by Azure automatically and therefore it prevents resource group deletion. A workaround is to set the following provider configuration:

      provider "azurerm" {
        features {
          resource_group {
            prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
          }
        }
      }

## Usage

The following snippet deploys Application Insights and Log Analytics Workspace, setting the retention to 1 year.

```hcl
module "ai" {
  source = "PaloAltoNetworks/vmseries-modules/azurerm//modules/application_insights"

  name                      = "vmseries-ai
  metrics_retention_in_days = 365
  location                  = "West US"
  resource_group_name       = "vmseries-rg"
}
```
