modules/bootstrap/.header.md, before:

# Palo Alto Networks Bootstrap Module for Azure

A terraform module for deploying a storage account and the dependencies required to 
[bootstrap a VM-Series firewalls in Azure](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-1/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall-in-azure.html#idd51f75b8-e579-44d6-a809-2fafcfe4b3b6).

The module does *not* configure the bootstrap images, licenses, or configurations.

## Usage

Simple example usage is shown below. For more *real life* code please check [examples folder](../../examples/).

```hcl
module "bootstrap" {
  source = "PaloAltoNetworks/vmseries-modules/azurerm//modules/bootstrap"

  storage_account_name = "accountname"
  resource_group_name  = "rg-name"
  location             = "West US"

  storage_share_name = "vm_bootstrap"

  files = {
    "files/init-cfg.txt" = "config/init-cfg.txt"
    "files/bootstrap.xml" = "config/bootstrap.xml"
  }
}
```

## Known Limitations

If a file does not exist because it is supposed to be generated by the same Terraform run, add a hash of its contents to
the input `files_md5` as a workaround. For example:

```hcl
module "bootstrap" {
  # ...
  files     = { (local_file.this.filename) = "config/dynamic-content-test.txt" }
  files_md5 = { (local_file.this.filename) = md5(local_file.this.content) }
}

resource "local_file" "this" {
  filename = "test.txt"
  content  = "hello world"
}
```

Commit message:

update module outputs and documentation

modules/bootstrap/.header.md, after:

# Palo Alto Networks Bootstrap Module for Azure

A terraform module for deploying a storage account and the dependencies required to 
[bootstrap a VM-Series firewalls in Azure](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-1/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall-in-azure.html#idd51f75b8-e579-44d6-a809-2fafcfe4b3b6).

It can create (or source an existing) Azure Storage Account and it can create multiple File Shares withing the Storage Account and
upload files to them. Each file share will contain a folder structure required by the bootstrap package.

The file uploading can be done in two ways:

1. either by specifying single files or
2. by providing a path to a local bootstrap package.

Keep in mind that if you provide both, the former takes precedence by the latter, meaning that when uploaded, each single file
specification will override files from the local bootstrap package.

## Usage

Simple example usage is shown below. For more *real life* code please check [examples folder](../../examples/).

```hcl
module "bootstrap" {
  source = "PaloAltoNetworks/vmseries-modules/azurerm//modules/bootstrap"

  storage_account_name = "accountname"
  resource_group_name  = "rg-name"
  location             = "West US"

  storage_share_name = "vm_bootstrap"

  files = {
    "files/init-cfg.txt" = "config/init-cfg.txt"
    "files/bootstrap.xml" = "config/bootstrap.xml"
  }
}
```

## MD5 file hashes

This module uses MD5 hashes to verify file content change. This means that any file modification done between Terraform runs will
be discovered and the remote file will be overridden. This has some implications though.

The module can calculate hashes for the existing files - any files that were present before Terraform run.

If however you are creating some files on the fly (templating for instance) you have to provide the MD5 hashes yourself. For more
details refer to the [var.file_shares](#file_shares) variable documentation.
