modules/bootstrap/README.md, before:

# Palo Alto Networks Bootstrap Module for Azure

A terraform module for deploying a storage account and the dependencies required
to [bootstrap a VM-Series firewalls in Azure](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-1/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall-in-azure.html#idd51f75b8-e579-44d6-a809-2fafcfe4b3b6).

The module does *not* configure the bootstrap images, licenses, or configurations.

## Usage

Simple example usage is shown below. For more *real life* code please check [examples folder](../../examples/).

```hcl
module "bootstrap" {
  source = "../modules/bootstrap"

  storage_account_name = "accountname"
  resource_group_name  = "rg-name"
  location             = "West US"

  storage_share_name = "vm_bootstrap"

  files = {
    "files/init-cfg.txt" = "config/init-cfg.txt"
    "files/bootstrap.xml" = "config/bootstrap.xml"
  }
}
```

## Known Limitations

If a file does not exist because it is supposed to be generated by the same Terraform run, add a hash of its contents to
the input `files_md5` as a workaround. For example:

```hcl2
module "bootstrap" {
  # ...
  files     = { (local_file.this.filename) = "config/dynamic-content-test.txt" }
  files_md5 = { (local_file.this.filename) = md5(local_file.this.content) }
}

resource "local_file" "this" {
  filename = "test.txt"
  content  = "hello world"
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.2, < 2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~> 3.7 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | ~> 3.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | ~> 3.7 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_storage_account.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_account) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_share.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_share) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_share_directory.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_share_directory) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_share_file.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_share_file) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_account.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/storage_account) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create_storage_account"></a> [create\_storage\_account](#input\_create\_storage\_account) | If `true`, create a Storage Account. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the Storage Account, either a new or an existing one (depending on the value of `create_storage_account`).<br><br>The name you choose must be unique across Azure. The name also must be between 3 and 24 characters in length, and may include only numbers and lowercase letters. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the Resource Group to use. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Region to deploy bootstrap resources. Ignored when `create_storage_account` is set to `false`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_min_tls_version"></a> [min\_tls\_version](#input\_min\_tls\_version) | The minimum supported TLS version for the storage account. | `string` | `"TLS1_2"` | no |
| <a name="input_files"></a> [files](#input\_files) | Map of all files to copy to bucket. The keys are local paths, the values are remote paths.<br>Always use slash `/` as directory separator (unix-like), not the backslash `\`.<br>Example:<pre>files = {<br>  "dir/my.txt" = "config/init-cfg.txt"<br>}</pre> | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_files_md5"></a> [files\_md5](#input\_files\_md5) | Optional map of MD5 hashes of file contents.<br>Normally the map could be empty, because all the files that exist before the `terraform apply` will have their hashes auto-calculated.<br>This input is necessary only for the selected files which are created/modified within the same Terraform run as this module.<br>The keys of the map should be identical with selected keys of the `files` input, while the values should be MD5 hashes of the contents of that file.<br><br>Example:<pre>files_md5 = {<br>    "dir/my.txt" = "6f7ce3191b50a58cc13e751a8f7ae3fd"<br>}</pre> | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_share_name"></a> [storage\_share\_name](#input\_storage\_share\_name) | Name of a storage File Share to be created that will hold `files` used for bootstrapping.<br>For rules defining a valid name see [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata#share-names). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_share_quota"></a> [storage\_share\_quota](#input\_storage\_share\_quota) | Maximum size of a File Share. | `number` | `50` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_share_access_tier"></a> [storage\_share\_access\_tier](#input\_storage\_share\_access\_tier) | Access tier for the File Share. | `string` | `"Cool"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to be associated with the resources created. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_retention_policy_days"></a> [retention\_policy\_days](#input\_retention\_policy\_days) | Log retention policy in days | `number` | `7` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_storage_account"></a> [storage\_account](#output\_storage\_account) | The Azure Storage Account object used for the Bootstrap. |
| <a name="output_storage_share"></a> [storage\_share](#output\_storage\_share) | The File Share object within Azure Storage used for the Bootstrap. |
| <a name="output_primary_access_key"></a> [primary\_access\_key](#output\_primary\_access\_key) | The primary access key for the Azure Storage Account. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Fixed CKV_AZURE_35 - added storage ACL and updated examples

modules/bootstrap/README.md, after:

# Palo Alto Networks Bootstrap Module for Azure

A terraform module for deploying a storage account and the dependencies required
to [bootstrap a VM-Series firewalls in Azure](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-1/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall-in-azure.html#idd51f75b8-e579-44d6-a809-2fafcfe4b3b6).

The module does *not* configure the bootstrap images, licenses, or configurations.

## Usage

Simple example usage is shown below. For more *real life* code please check [examples folder](../../examples/).

```hcl
module "bootstrap" {
  source = "../modules/bootstrap"

  storage_account_name = "accountname"
  resource_group_name  = "rg-name"
  location             = "West US"

  storage_share_name = "vm_bootstrap"

  files = {
    "files/init-cfg.txt" = "config/init-cfg.txt"
    "files/bootstrap.xml" = "config/bootstrap.xml"
  }
}
```

## Known Limitations

If a file does not exist because it is supposed to be generated by the same Terraform run, add a hash of its contents to
the input `files_md5` as a workaround. For example:

```hcl2
module "bootstrap" {
  # ...
  files     = { (local_file.this.filename) = "config/dynamic-content-test.txt" }
  files_md5 = { (local_file.this.filename) = md5(local_file.this.content) }
}

resource "local_file" "this" {
  filename = "test.txt"
  content  = "hello world"
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.2, < 2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~> 3.7 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | ~> 3.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | ~> 3.7 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_storage_account.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_account) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_share.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_share) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_share_directory.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_share_directory) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_share_file.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_share_file) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_account.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/storage_account) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create_storage_account"></a> [create\_storage\_account](#input\_create\_storage\_account) | If `true`, create a Storage Account. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the Storage Account, either a new or an existing one (depending on the value of `create_storage_account`).<br><br>The name you choose must be unique across Azure. The name also must be between 3 and 24 characters in length, and may include only numbers and lowercase letters. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the Resource Group to use. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Region to deploy bootstrap resources. Ignored when `create_storage_account` is set to `false`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_min_tls_version"></a> [min\_tls\_version](#input\_min\_tls\_version) | The minimum supported TLS version for the storage account. | `string` | `"TLS1_2"` | no |
| <a name="input_files"></a> [files](#input\_files) | Map of all files to copy to bucket. The keys are local paths, the values are remote paths.<br>Always use slash `/` as directory separator (unix-like), not the backslash `\`.<br>Example:<pre>files = {<br>  "dir/my.txt" = "config/init-cfg.txt"<br>}</pre> | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_files_md5"></a> [files\_md5](#input\_files\_md5) | Optional map of MD5 hashes of file contents.<br>Normally the map could be empty, because all the files that exist before the `terraform apply` will have their hashes auto-calculated.<br>This input is necessary only for the selected files which are created/modified within the same Terraform run as this module.<br>The keys of the map should be identical with selected keys of the `files` input, while the values should be MD5 hashes of the contents of that file.<br><br>Example:<pre>files_md5 = {<br>    "dir/my.txt" = "6f7ce3191b50a58cc13e751a8f7ae3fd"<br>}</pre> | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_share_name"></a> [storage\_share\_name](#input\_storage\_share\_name) | Name of a storage File Share to be created that will hold `files` used for bootstrapping.<br>For rules defining a valid name see [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/Naming-and-Referencing-Shares--Directories--Files--and-Metadata#share-names). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_share_quota"></a> [storage\_share\_quota](#input\_storage\_share\_quota) | Maximum size of a File Share. | `number` | `50` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_share_access_tier"></a> [storage\_share\_access\_tier](#input\_storage\_share\_access\_tier) | Access tier for the File Share. | `string` | `"Cool"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to be associated with the resources created. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_retention_policy_days"></a> [retention\_policy\_days](#input\_retention\_policy\_days) | Log retention policy in days | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_allow_inbound_public_ips"></a> [storage\_allow\_inbound\_public\_ips](#input\_storage\_allow\_inbound\_public\_ips) | List of IP CIDR ranges (like `["23.23.23.23"]`) that are allowed to access the storage.<br>Only public IPs are allowed - RFC1918 address space is not permitted. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_allow_vnet_subnets"></a> [storage\_allow\_vnet\_subnets](#input\_storage\_allow\_vnet\_subnets) | List of the allowed vnet subnets.<br>Note that this option requires network service endpoint enabled for Microsoft Storage for the specified subnets.<br>If you are using vnet module - set 'storage\_private\_access' to true for the specific subnet.<br>Example:<pre>[module.vnet.subnet_ids["subnet-mgmt"],module.vnet.subnet_ids["subnet-pub"],module.vnet.subnet_ids["subnet-priv"]]</pre> | `list(any)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_acl"></a> [storage\_acl](#input\_storage\_acl) | If `true`, storage account network rules will be activated with Deny default statement. | `bool` | `true` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_storage_account"></a> [storage\_account](#output\_storage\_account) | The Azure Storage Account object used for the Bootstrap. |
| <a name="output_storage_share"></a> [storage\_share](#output\_storage\_share) | The File Share object within Azure Storage used for the Bootstrap. |
| <a name="output_primary_access_key"></a> [primary\_access\_key](#output\_primary\_access\_key) | The primary access key for the Azure Storage Account. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
