<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Palo Alto Networks Bootstrap Module for Azure

A terraform module for deploying a storage account and the dependencies required to
[bootstrap a VM-Series firewalls in Azure](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-1/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall-in-azure.html#idd51f75b8-e579-44d6-a809-2fafcfe4b3b6).

The module does *not* configure the bootstrap images, licenses, or configurations.

## Usage

Simple example usage is shown below. For more *real life* code please check [examples folder](../../examples/).

```hcl
module "bootstrap" {
  source = "PaloAltoNetworks/vmseries-modules/azurerm//modules/bootstrap"

  storage_account_name = "accountname"
  resource_group_name  = "rg-name"
  location             = "West US"

  storage_share_name = "vm_bootstrap"

  files = {
    "files/init-cfg.txt" = "config/init-cfg.txt"
    "files/bootstrap.xml" = "config/bootstrap.xml"
  }
}
```

## Known Limitations

If a file does not exist because it is supposed to be generated by the same Terraform run, add a hash of its contents to
the input `files_md5` as a workaround. For example:

```hcl
module "bootstrap" {
  # ...
  files     = { (local_file.this.filename) = "config/dynamic-content-test.txt" }
  files_md5 = { (local_file.this.filename) = md5(local_file.this.content) }
}

resource "local_file" "this" {
  filename = "test.txt"
  content  = "hello world"
}
```

## Module's Required Inputs

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
[`name`](#name) | `string` | Name of the Storage Account.
[`resource_group_name`](#resource_group_name) | `string` | The name of the Resource Group to use.


## Module's Optional Inputs

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
[`location`](#location) | `string` | The name of the Azure region to deploy the resources in.
[`tags`](#tags) | `map` | The map of tags to assign to all created resources.
[`create_storage_account`](#create_storage_account) | `bool` | Controls creation of a Storage Account.
[`storage_network_security`](#storage_network_security) | `object` | A map defining network security settings for a new storage account.
[`file_shares_configuration`](#file_shares_configuration) | `object` | A map defining common File Share setting.
[`file_shares`](#file_shares) | `map` | Definition of File Shares.



## Module's Outputs

Name |  Description
--- | ---
`storage_share_file` | output "primary_access_key" { description = "The primary access key for the Azure Storage Account." value       = local.storage_account.primary_access_key sensitive   = true }

## Module's Nameplate


Requirements needed by this module:

- `terraform`, version: >= 1.5, < 2.0
- `azurerm`, version: ~> 3.25


Providers used in this module:

- `azurerm`, version: ~> 3.25




Resources used in this module:

- `storage_account` (managed)
- `storage_share` (managed)
- `storage_share_directory` (managed)
- `storage_share_file` (managed)
- `storage_account` (data)

## Inputs/Outpus details

### Required Inputs


#### name

Name of the Storage Account.
Either a new or an existing one (depending on the value of `create_storage_account`).

The name you choose must be unique across Azure. The name also must be between 3 and 24 characters in length, and may include only numbers and lowercase letters.


Type: string

<sup>[back to list](#modules-required-inputs)</sup>

#### resource_group_name

The name of the Resource Group to use.

Type: string

<sup>[back to list](#modules-required-inputs)</sup>









### Optional Inputs




#### location

The name of the Azure region to deploy the resources in.

Type: string

Default value: `&{}`

<sup>[back to list](#modules-optional-inputs)</sup>

#### tags

The map of tags to assign to all created resources.

Type: map(string)

Default value: `map[]`

<sup>[back to list](#modules-optional-inputs)</sup>

#### create_storage_account

Controls creation of a Storage Account.
  
When set to `false` an existing Storage Account will be used to create bootstrap file shares.


Type: bool

Default value: `true`

<sup>[back to list](#modules-optional-inputs)</sup>

#### storage_network_security

A map defining network security settings for a new storage account.

When not set or set to `null` it will disable any network security setting.

When you decide define this setting, at least one of `allowed_public_ips` or `allowed_subnet_ids` has to be defined.
Otherwise you will cut anyone off the storage account. This will have implications on this Terraform code as it operates on
File Shares. Files Shares API comes under this networks restrictions.

Following properties are available:

- `min_tls_version`     - (`string`, optional, defaults to `TLS1_2`) minimum supported TLS version
- `allowed_public_ips`  - (`list`, optional, defaults to `[]`) list of IP CIDR ranges that are allowed to access the Storage
                          Account. Only public IPs are allowed, RFC1918 address space is not permitted.
- `allowed_subnet_ids`  - (`list`, optional, defaults to `[]`) list of the allowed VNet subnet ids. Note that this option
                          requires network service endpoint enabled for Microsoft Storage for the specified subnets.
                          If you are using [vnet module](../vnet/README.md), set `storage_private_access` to true for the
                          specific subnet.



Type: 

```hcl
object({
    min_tls_version    = optional(string, "TLS1_2")
    allowed_public_ips = optional(list(string), [])
    allowed_subnet_ids = optional(list(string), [])
  })
```


Default value: `map[]`

<sup>[back to list](#modules-optional-inputs)</sup>

#### file_shares_configuration

A map defining common File Share setting.

Any of this can be overridden in a particular File Share definition. See [`file_shares`](#file_shares) variable for details.

Following options are available:
  
- `quota`       - (`number`, optional, defaults to `10`) maximum size of a File Share in GB, a value between 1 and
                  5120 (5TB)
- `access_tier` - (`string`, optional, defaults to `Cool`) access tier for a File Share, can be one of: "Cool", "Hot",
                  "Premium", "TransactionOptimized". 


Type: 

```hcl
object({
    quota       = optional(number, 10)
    access_tier = optional(string, "Cool")
  })
```


Default value: `map[]`

<sup>[back to list](#modules-optional-inputs)</sup>

#### file_shares

Definition of File Shares.

This is a map of objects where each object is a File Share definition. There are situations where every firewall can use the
same bootstrap package. But you there are situation where each firewall (or a group of firewalls) need a separate one.

This configuration parameter can help you to create multiple File Shares, per your needs, w/o multiplying Storage Accounts
at the same time.

Following properties are available per each File Share definition:

- `name`                    - (`string`, required) name of the File Share
- `bootstrap_package_path`  - (`string`, optional, defaults to `null`) a path to a folder containing a full bootstrap package.
                              For details on the bootstrap package structure see [documentation](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-1/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-package)
- `bootstrap_files`         - (`map`, optional, defaults to `{}`) a map of files that will be copied to the File Share and build
                              the bootstrap package. 
                                
    Keys are local paths, values - remote. Only Unix like directory separator (`/`) is supported. If `bootstrap_package_path`
    is also specified, these files will overwrite any file uploaded from that path.

- `bootstrap_files_md5`     - (`map`, optional, defaults to `{}`) a map of MD5 hashes for files specified in `bootstrap_files`.

    For static files (present and/or not modified before Terraform plan kicks in) this map can be empty. The MD5 hashes are
    calculated automatically. It's only required for files modified/created by Terraform. You can use `md5` or `filemd5`
    Terraform functions to calculate MD5 hashes dynamically.

    Keys in this map are local paths, variables - MD5 hashes. For files for which you would like to provide MD5 hashes, 
    keys in this map should match keys in `bootstrap_files` property.


Additionally you can override the default `quota` and `access_tier` properties per File Share (same restrictions apply):

- `quota`       - (`number`, optional, defaults to `10`) maximum size of a File Share in GB, a value between 1 and
                  5120 (5TB)
- `access_tier` - (`string`, optional, defaults to `Cool`) access tier for a File Share, can be one of: "Cool", "Hot",
                  "Premium", "TransactionOptimized". 



Type: 

```hcl
map(object({
    name                   = string
    bootstrap_package_path = optional(string)
    bootstrap_files        = optional(map(string), {})
    bootstrap_files_md5    = optional(map(string), {})
    quota                  = optional(number)
    access_tier            = optional(string)
  }))
```


Default value: `map[]`

<sup>[back to list](#modules-optional-inputs)</sup>


<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->