modules/vm-series/README.md, before:

# Palo Alto Networks VM-Series Module for Azure


A terraform module for deploying a standalone (non-scale-set) VM-Series firewall in Azure.

## Usage

```hcl
module "vm-series" {
  source = "github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-azurerm-vmseries-modules/modules/vm-series"

  location                      = "Australia Central"
  name_prefix                   = "panostf"
  password                      = "your-password"
  bootstrap_storage_account     = module.vm-bootstrap.bootstrap_storage_account
  bootstrap_share_name          = "sharename"
  subnet_mgmt                   = module.networks.subnet_mgmt
  data_nics = [
    {
      subnet              = module.networks.subnet_public
      enable_backend_pool = false
    },
    {
      subnet              = module.networks.subnet_private
      enable_backend_pool = false
    },
  ]
  instances = {
    "my-firewall" = {}
  }
}
```

___NOTE:___ The module only supports Azure regions that have more than one fault domain - as of 2021, the only two regions impacted are `SouthCentralUSSTG` and `CentralUSEUAP`. The reason is that the module uses Availability Sets with Managed Disks.

[Instruction to re-check regions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/manage-availability#use-managed-disks-for-vms-in-an-availability-set).

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >=0.12.29, <0.14 |
| azurerm | >=2.26.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| azurerm | >=2.26.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| accelerated\_networking | Enable Azure accelerated networking (SR-IOV) for all network interfaces except the primary one (it is the PAN-OS management interface, which [does not support](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/9-0/pan-os-new-features/virtualization-features/support-for-azure-accelerated-networking-sriov) acceleration). | `bool` | `true` | no |
| bootstrap\_share\_name | Azure File Share holding the bootstrap data. Should reside on `bootstrap_storage_account`. Bootstrapping is omitted if `bootstrap_share_name` is left at null. | `string` | `null` | no |
| bootstrap\_storage\_account | Existing storage account object for bootstrapping and for holding small-sized boot diagnostics. Usually the object is passed from a bootstrap module's output. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| custom\_image\_id | Absolute ID of your own Custom Image to be used for creating new VM-Series. If set, the `username`, `password`, `vm_series_version`, `vm_series_publisher`, `vm_series_offer`, `vm_series_sku` inputs are all ignored (these are used only for published images, not custom ones). The Custom Image is expected to contain PAN-OS software. | `string` | `null` | no |
| data\_nics | List of the network interface specifications shared between all the VM-Series instances.<br>Except the Management network interface (which gets `subnet_mgmt`), all the network interfaces are assigned<br>to subnets in the same order as in the list.<br><br>- `subnet`: Subnet object to use.<br>- `lb_backend_pool_id`: Identifier of the backend pool of the load balancer to associate.<br>- `enable_backend_pool`: If false, ignore `lb_backend_pool_id`. Default it false.<br><br>Example:<pre>[<br>  {<br>    subnet              = { id = var.vmseries_subnet_id_public }<br>    lb_backend_pool_id  = module.inbound_lb.backend-pool-id<br>    enable_backend_pool = true<br>  },<br>  {<br>    subnet              = { id = var.vmseries_subnet_id_private }<br>    lb_backend_pool_id  = module.outbound_lb.backend-pool-id<br>    enable_backend_pool = true<br>  },<br>]</pre> | `any` | n/a | yes |
| enable\_plan | Enable usage of the Offer/Plan on Azure Marketplace. Even plan sku "byol", which means "bring your own license", still requires accepting on the Marketplace (as of 2021). Can be set to `false` when using a custom image. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| identity\_ids | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine#identity_ids). | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| identity\_type | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine#identity_type). | `string` | `"SystemAssigned"` | no |
| instances | Map of instances to create. Keys are instance identifiers, values are objects with specific attributes. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| location | Region where to deploy VM-Series and dependencies. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| managed\_disk\_type | Type of Managed Disk which should be created. Possible values are `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS` or `Premium_LRS`. The `Premium_LRS` works only for selected `vm_size` values, details in Azure docs. | `string` | `"StandardSSD_LRS"` | no |
| metrics\_retention\_in\_days | Specifies the retention period in days. Possible values are 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180, 270, 365, 550 or 730. Defaults to 90. A special value 0 disables creation of Application Insights altogether. | `number` | `null` | no |
| name\_avset | Name of the Availability Set to be created. Can be `null`, in which case a default name is auto-generated. | `string` | `null` | no |
| name\_prefix | Prefix to add to all the object names here | `any` | n/a | yes |
| password | Initial administrative password to use for VM-Series. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| resource\_group\_name | The resource group name for VM-Series. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| subnet\_mgmt | Management subnet object. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| tags | A map of tags to be associated with the resources created. | `map` | `{}` | no |
| username | Initial administrative username to use for VM-Series. | `string` | `"panadmin"` | no |
| vm\_series\_offer | The Azure Offer identifier corresponding to a published image. For `vm_series_version` 9.1.1 or above, use "vmseries-flex"; for 9.1.0 or below use "vmseries1". | `string` | `"vmseries-flex"` | no |
| vm\_series\_publisher | The Azure Publisher identifier for a image which should be deployed. | `string` | `"paloaltonetworks"` | no |
| vm\_series\_sku | VM-series SKU - list available with `az vm image list -o table --all --publisher paloaltonetworks` | `string` | `"bundle2"` | no |
| vm\_series\_version | VM-series PAN-OS version - list available for a default `vm_series_offer` with `az vm image list -o table --publisher paloaltonetworks --offer vmseries-flex --all` | `string` | `"9.0.4"` | no |
| vm\_size | Azure VM size (type) to be created. Consult the *VM-Series Deployment Guide* as only a few selected sizes are supported. | `string` | `"Standard_D3_v2"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| ip\_addresses | VM-Series management IP addresses. |
| metrics\_instrumentation\_key | The Instrumentation Key of the created instance of Azure Application Insights. The instance is unused by default, but is ready to receive custom PAN-OS metrics from the firewalls. To use it, paste this Instrumentation Key into PAN-OS -> Device -> VM-Series -> Azure. |
| principal\_id | A map of Azure Service Principals for each of the created VM-Series. Map's key is the same as virtual machine key, the value is an oid of a Service Principal. Usable only if `identity_type` contains SystemAssigned. |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## Custom Metrics

**(Optional)** Firewalls can publish custom metrics (for example `panSessionUtilization`) to Azure Application Insights.
This however requires a manual initialization: copy the output `metrics_instrumentation_key` and paste it into your
PAN-OS webUI -> Device -> VM-Series -> Azure. The module automatically completes the Step 1 of the
[official procedure](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/set-up-the-vm-series-firewall-on-azure/enable-azure-application-insights-on-the-vm-series-firewall.html).

The metrics gathered within a single Azure Application Insights instance provided by the module, cannot be split to obtain
back a result for solely a single firewall. Thus for example if three firewalls use the same Instrumentation Key and report
their respective session utilizations as 90%, 20%, 10%, it is possible to see in Azure the average of 40%, the sum of 120%, the max of 90%, but it is *not possible* to know which of the firewalls reported the 90% utilization.

Commit message:

feat(vm-series): add availability zones
In selected supported regions, users prefer to employ availability
zones. These conflict with the old availability set construct.
Thus we either use zones for all machines, or create an avset.

modules/vm-series/README.md, after:

# Palo Alto Networks VM-Series Module for Azure


A terraform module for deploying a standalone (non-scale-set) VM-Series firewall in Azure.

## Usage

```hcl
module "vm-series" {
  source = "github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-azurerm-vmseries-modules/modules/vm-series"

  location                      = "Australia Central"
  name_prefix                   = "panostf"
  password                      = "your-password"
  bootstrap_storage_account     = module.vm-bootstrap.bootstrap_storage_account
  bootstrap_share_name          = "sharename"
  subnet_mgmt                   = module.networks.subnet_mgmt
  data_nics = [
    {
      subnet              = module.networks.subnet_public
      enable_backend_pool = false
    },
    {
      subnet              = module.networks.subnet_private
      enable_backend_pool = false
    },
  ]
  instances = {
    "my-firewall" = {}
  }
}
```

___NOTE:___ The module only supports Azure regions that have more than one fault domain - as of 2021, the only two regions impacted are `SouthCentralUSSTG` and `CentralUSEUAP`. The reason is that the module uses Availability Sets with Managed Disks.

[Instruction to re-check regions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/manage-availability#use-managed-disks-for-vms-in-an-availability-set).

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >=0.12.29, <0.14 |
| azurerm | >=2.26.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| azurerm | >=2.26.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| accelerated\_networking | Enable Azure accelerated networking (SR-IOV) for all network interfaces except the primary one (it is the PAN-OS management interface, which [does not support](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/9-0/pan-os-new-features/virtualization-features/support-for-azure-accelerated-networking-sriov) acceleration). | `bool` | `true` | no |
| bootstrap\_share\_name | Azure File Share holding the bootstrap data. Should reside on `bootstrap_storage_account`. Bootstrapping is omitted if `bootstrap_share_name` is left at null. | `string` | `null` | no |
| bootstrap\_storage\_account | Existing storage account object for bootstrapping and for holding small-sized boot diagnostics. Usually the object is passed from a bootstrap module's output. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| custom\_image\_id | Absolute ID of your own Custom Image to be used for creating new VM-Series. If set, the `username`, `password`, `vm_series_version`, `vm_series_publisher`, `vm_series_offer`, `vm_series_sku` inputs are all ignored (these are used only for published images, not custom ones). The Custom Image is expected to contain PAN-OS software. | `string` | `null` | no |
| data\_nics | List of the network interface specifications shared between all the VM-Series instances.<br>Except the Management network interface (which gets `subnet_mgmt`), all the network interfaces are assigned<br>to subnets in the same order as in the list.<br><br>- `subnet`: Subnet object to use.<br>- `lb_backend_pool_id`: Identifier of the backend pool of the load balancer to associate.<br>- `enable_backend_pool`: If false, ignore `lb_backend_pool_id`. Default it false.<br><br>Example:<pre>[<br>  {<br>    subnet              = { id = var.vmseries_subnet_id_public }<br>    lb_backend_pool_id  = module.inbound_lb.backend-pool-id<br>    enable_backend_pool = true<br>  },<br>  {<br>    subnet              = { id = var.vmseries_subnet_id_private }<br>    lb_backend_pool_id  = module.outbound_lb.backend-pool-id<br>    enable_backend_pool = true<br>  },<br>]</pre> | `any` | n/a | yes |
| enable\_plan | Enable usage of the Offer/Plan on Azure Marketplace. Even plan sku "byol", which means "bring your own license", still requires accepting on the Marketplace (as of 2021). Can be set to `false` when using a custom image. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| identity\_ids | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine#identity_ids). | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| identity\_type | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine#identity_type). | `string` | `"SystemAssigned"` | no |
| instances | Map of virtual machine instances to create. Keys are instance identifiers, values<br>are the per-vm objects containing the attributes unique to specific virtual machines:<br><br>- `mgmt_public_ip_address_id`: the Public IP identifier to assign to the nic0 interface (the management interface which listens on ssh/https).<br>- `nic1_public_ip_address_id`: the Public IP identifier to assign to the first data interface (nic1). Assigning to remaining data interfaces is unsupported.<br>- `zone`: the Azure Availability Zone identifier ("1", "2", "3"). If unspecified, the Availability Set is created instead.<br><br>Basic:<pre>{<br>  "fw00" = {<br>    mgmt_public_ip_address_id = azurerm_public_ip.this.id<br>  }<br>  "fw01" = { <br>    mgmt_public_ip_address_id = azurerm_public_ip.that.id<br>  }<br>}</pre>Full example:<pre>{<br>  "fw00" = {<br>    mgmt_public_ip_address_id = azurerm_public_ip.m0.id<br>    nic1_public_ip_address_id = azurerm_public_ip.d0.id<br>    zone                      = "1"<br>  }<br>  "fw01" = { <br>    mgmt_public_ip_address_id = azurerm_public_ip.m1.id<br>    nic1_public_ip_address_id = azurerm_public_ip.d1.id<br>    zone                      = "2"<br>  }<br>}</pre> | `any` | n/a | yes |
| location | Region where to deploy VM-Series and dependencies. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| managed\_disk\_type | Type of Managed Disk which should be created. Possible values are `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS` or `Premium_LRS`. The `Premium_LRS` works only for selected `vm_size` values, details in Azure docs. | `string` | `"StandardSSD_LRS"` | no |
| metrics\_retention\_in\_days | Specifies the retention period in days. Possible values are 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180, 270, 365, 550 or 730. Defaults to 90. A special value 0 disables creation of Application Insights altogether. | `number` | `null` | no |
| name\_avset | Name of the Availability Set to be created. Can be `null`, in which case a default name is auto-generated. | `string` | `null` | no |
| name\_prefix | Prefix to add to all the object names here | `any` | n/a | yes |
| password | Initial administrative password to use for VM-Series. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| resource\_group\_name | The resource group name for VM-Series. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| subnet\_mgmt | Management subnet object. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| tags | A map of tags to be associated with the resources created. | `map` | `{}` | no |
| username | Initial administrative username to use for VM-Series. | `string` | `"panadmin"` | no |
| vm\_series\_offer | The Azure Offer identifier corresponding to a published image. For `vm_series_version` 9.1.1 or above, use "vmseries-flex"; for 9.1.0 or below use "vmseries1". | `string` | `"vmseries-flex"` | no |
| vm\_series\_publisher | The Azure Publisher identifier for a image which should be deployed. | `string` | `"paloaltonetworks"` | no |
| vm\_series\_sku | VM-series SKU - list available with `az vm image list -o table --all --publisher paloaltonetworks` | `string` | `"bundle2"` | no |
| vm\_series\_version | VM-series PAN-OS version - list available for a default `vm_series_offer` with `az vm image list -o table --publisher paloaltonetworks --offer vmseries-flex --all` | `string` | `"9.0.4"` | no |
| vm\_size | Azure VM size (type) to be created. Consult the *VM-Series Deployment Guide* as only a few selected sizes are supported. | `string` | `"Standard_D3_v2"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| ip\_addresses | VM-Series management IP addresses. |
| metrics\_instrumentation\_key | The Instrumentation Key of the created instance of Azure Application Insights. The instance is unused by default, but is ready to receive custom PAN-OS metrics from the firewalls. To use it, paste this Instrumentation Key into PAN-OS -> Device -> VM-Series -> Azure. |
| principal\_id | A map of Azure Service Principals for each of the created VM-Series. Map's key is the same as virtual machine key, the value is an oid of a Service Principal. Usable only if `identity_type` contains SystemAssigned. |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## Custom Metrics

**(Optional)** Firewalls can publish custom metrics (for example `panSessionUtilization`) to Azure Application Insights.
This however requires a manual initialization: copy the output `metrics_instrumentation_key` and paste it into your
PAN-OS webUI -> Device -> VM-Series -> Azure. The module automatically completes the Step 1 of the
[official procedure](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/set-up-the-vm-series-firewall-on-azure/enable-azure-application-insights-on-the-vm-series-firewall.html).

The metrics gathered within a single Azure Application Insights instance provided by the module, cannot be split to obtain
back a result for solely a single firewall. Thus for example if three firewalls use the same Instrumentation Key and report
their respective session utilizations as 90%, 20%, 10%, it is possible to see in Azure the average of 40%, the sum of 120%, the max of 90%, but it is *not possible* to know which of the firewalls reported the 90% utilization.
